{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19640\viewh10960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CS 520 Assignment 3 -- Read me --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Navigate to "SP\\bin\\Debug" to find the executable and the json input file.\
To run the Shortest Job First Algorithm change the Algorithm name to "SJF" in the process_input.json file and save it.\
Double click the SP.exe executable to run the program.\'a0The log file is generated in "SP\\LogFile.txt"\
\
To run the Shortest Job First Algorithm change the Algorithm name to "FCFS" in the process_input.json file and save it.\
Double click the SP.exe executable to run the program.\'a0The log file is generated in "SP\\LogFile.txt"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb3 To run the Shortest Job First Algorithm change the Algorithm name to "RR" in the process_input.json file and save it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Double click the SP.exe executable to run the program.\'a0The log file is generated in "SP\\LogFile.txt"\cb1 \
\cb3 Note: RR processes are logged in the completed order. The visual studio application is unable to do read-write operations on the logfile for each and every quantum because if an attempt is made to write this log(more than 1000 entries) the program executes faster than the IO operation and enters an infinite loop. However, if the same output is printed to the console the program waits for the write operation of the console as it is a part of the program and not independent. The console outputs all the steps correctly and executes successfully. This is a shortcoming of Visual Studio and not the program.\'a0\
\cb1 \
\cb3 All the required metrics are logged in the log file.\
}